hi everyone my name is saily and i'm one
of the expert toefl teachers here at e2
language
and welcome to another methods video
in today's lesson we are going to look
at
the toefl independent speaking task
which is also the first task that you
will see in the speaking section of the
test
and it's called personal choice
sometimes they also call it paired
choice or just
choice but they're all referring to the
first task
which is the independent speaking task
in today's video lesson
i'll describe the task to you
then we'll look at a couple of sample
questions
then i'll show you a note taking
template to sort of
make notes when you're preparing your
answer
and then i'll show you a sample answer
let's start off with the task
description
so in this task they'll give you a
couple of options to choose from
and you'll be asked to choose a side of
that argument
and to explain why you chose that side
so you basically are asked
to defend your position you'll be given
15 seconds to prepare your answer
and then you'll have 45 seconds to speak
let me show you a sample question to put
this into perspective
all right so here's a sample question
some students
study online others prefer to study on
campus
which method of studying do you think is
better for students
and why so this is typically what the
question will look like
you will have to choose between two
options
so here on the one hand we have the
option of studying online
and on the other hand we have the option
of studying on campus
and they're basically asking us what are
preferences
what would we choose
now this is one way of framing the
question they could frame the question
in a slightly different way
so here's the other way they could ask
you this question
do you agree or disagree with the
following statement
studying online is better than studying
on campus
use details and examples to explain your
opinion
as you can see this is basically the
same question
and they're asking you to choose between
those same two options
it's just framed differently and this is
what they'll do on test day
they might ask you whether you agree or
disagree or they might ask you to choose
between two sides
either ways your answer will be the same
and i'll show you how to prep for that
answer
here's a note taking template for you to
help you
organize your ideas the first thing that
you need to do is state your opinion
that is the major part of the question
the examiner should be able to tell
which side you agree with
then you need to give them a reason as
to why you chose this particular side
and you also should include a personal
experience or give a personal example
of why you made this choice and
basically that example should support
reason number one so reason number one
followed by a relevant example
but that obviously is not enough because
you will be expected to talk for 45
seconds
so make sure you include a second reason
followed by a second example and make
sure that
your reasons and examples are related to
each other
and don't just try to like you know cram
in any example that's not relevant to
the topic
or the reason that you're giving
and conclude by restating your opinion
and i want you to copy this note taking
template
and then we're going to have a look at
today's question and how we'll use this
note taking template
to prep for it all right so here's our
question once again
some students study online others prefer
to study on campus
which method of studying do you think is
better for students
and why remember you'll only have
15 seconds to make notes so i want you
to start making notes
now
all right how did you go it was pretty
quick yeah
i know the first time you take notes it
might seem
like the time's not enough you don't
have enough time to think
but believe me when you keep practicing
this will get
easier and you will have a lot more
ideas
you will be able to take more efficient
notes
we look at note-taking strategies in our
live classes
so make sure you attend those to learn
how to effectively take notes
in the shortest amount of time
all right here are my notes
so i think studying on campus is better
and the reason i'm giving for this is
the interaction that i can have
with my professor and the other students
and the example that i'm going to use is
my
own university experience
my second reason is going to be the
overall university experience
which is obviously very different if
you're studying on campus
and again my example is going to be
about my personal experience
and finally i'll be restating my opinion
which is that studying on campus is
definitely better than studying online
as you can see i haven't really written
out
complete sentences you sort of have to
use
abbreviations or you know use shorthand
symbols instead of writing full words or
full sentences
because you only have 15 seconds you
will not be able to write down
everything that you want to so for that
you need to be able to write down at
least a couple of words
for the reasons maybe just another
couple of words for the example
so you shouldn't be trying to write down
too much at the most you will be able to
realistically
be able to write about 7 to 10 words in
15 seconds
and if you use shorthand maybe a little
bit more than that
but yeah the point is you don't need to
write everything down as you can see
here what i like to do is instead of
writing ion
i just write like a small n at the top
like in superscript
and that sort of to me means that it's
ion
so you can develop your own note-taking
system or you can come to one of our
live classes
where i share my techniques with you
all right so once the 15 seconds are up
you will have 45 seconds to present your
answer
and i'm going to present my answer and
i'll sort of be our sample answer
so here i go
more and more students are choosing to
study online
however in my opinion studying on campus
is better for students for two main
reasons
the first reason is the interaction that
you can have
with your professor and your fellow
students
when i was at university i remember
enjoying the thought-provoking
conversations i had in class
which helped me develop a deeper
understanding of concepts
the second reason is the student
experience that can only be gained by
experiencing life on campus
university is a once in a lifetime
experience and it should not be a
solitary
one in fact i met some of my closest
friends at university
therefore online education can't
substitute the experience of studying on
campus
okay how was that for a sample answer
i feel like i did a good job including
reasons and examples like i included two
reasons
and two examples that were relevant to
my
reasons and i also tried to include some
uncommon language so try and throw in
some collocations and phrasal verbs in
there
also some cohesive devices and in the
next video
i'll tell you why this answer will get a
top score
[Music]